As a life long Cardinals fan, it has been fun following this pursuit of your talents. Good luck sir. I wish you the best.
I’m sure they never will indeed. Anyway, what’s the craic with that photo being taken at Green Dragon Lane? Did someone follow it from the LTN in hot pursuit to take a photo?
하하핳
Taxi Driver, It's OK that's Love, Ruler, Chip In (6 episode doang), The Veil, DP (Deserter Pursuit), Designated Survivor.

Itu tp bukan underrated, Nder. Bagus semua, tp barangkali kmu blm nonton. Yg terlintas di pikiranku baru itu
"the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims"
you're welcome to google "terrorism definition" yourself
@3ChubbyB
 Sobres gordos para que ya no lean en el podcast y el Adrián no tenga que postear luego el código

Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit Remastered Origin
HJ4C-S5QR-MJ6L-G3PQ-E4SZ
FrostPunk GOG
Z6LRD6289769015917
Journey to the savage planet gog
6UK74096FCDC71668B
@donwinslow
 @SenGillibrand

 If the Supreme Court over turns Roe v. Wade all I can picture is this country's motto will no longer be "Life. liberty and the pursuit of happiness."

Why? Because you will have to live your life a someone else sees fit.
Nope! Complete snake!! Committed -with Greatest biased ignorance- to the pursuit of personal power, superficial (false) accolade, and the FarFem Cause!!!
She's a Ninny of the highest order!!
She has NO Place in a legitimate government...
Greensburg man jailed, accused of leading police on 108 mph pursuit | http://TribLIVE.com
…the pursuit of Happiness.”
https://ushistory.org/declaration/document/…
The pursuit of profit? -- really? -- you do know what country this is right?  This nation was founded on the belief that white men are the superior race, women and minorities are totally inferior, and MONEY & POWER are the sole reasons for existence. Capitalism run amok.
We're excited to announce our 30-member Racial Equity in Guided Pathways Commission. They will radically reimagine how to meet the specific needs of #communitycollege #students of color in #California. This race-centric model will accelerate our pursuit of #racialequity.
알고리즘이 제 귀에 도청장치를..
おようございます

今日もコツコツ積み上げていきましょうね
in the pursuit of great, we forgot to do good.
2. Okello Oryem, #Uganda's Minister of State for Foreign Affairs said told Reuters, "We have a right to self-defense, to [enter the DRC] in hot pursuit. Except, there it is impossible to chase after a ghost in hot pursuit: there is no army invading Uganda from the DRC.
킹고리즘 ㄷㄷ..
プライムにて無料配布『Need for Speed Hot Pursuit Remastered』走り屋vs警察レスゲム・リマスタ ORIGIN PC版　
https://jj-labo.seesaa.net/article/Need_for_Speed_Hot_Pursuit_Remastered__prime.html…
Need for Speed Hot Pursuit Remastered
come now atriat what makes you think i'd let hunt continue his pining pursuit
how has no one commissioned the Gordon Freeman fursuit yet, it's absolutely adorable
Not to mention denying women their inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness
Once AGAIN,
our Children are being denied their rights to "Life, Liberty,  and The Pursuit Of Happiness".
But, hey....some peoples' Second Amendment right is more important than our Childrens' LIVES, right????
およう

今日も在宅勤務のでのんびり作業

ブログいくつか書くことがあるから
サクサク記事にしていきたい

正しい道でがんばるために
ライティングの勉強もしたいし

12月やりたいことが沢山！

ひとつずつ確実に進めていこ
Israel's latest colonial move to silence Palestinian civil society by designating six NGOs as terrorist organisations is doomed to fail because the pursuit for truth is unstoppable, writes Wesam Ahmad.
★4 Sullivan ver. Holy Night || A boy in pursuit of magic knowledge. He loves beautiful things, and when he comes across something that pleases him, he'll be hard to find for quite a while.
Good morning Thursday everyone.
#fursuit #furry
Sen. Tom Cotton says DOJ quiet on Waukesha WHILE
actively 'chilling free speech' of parents.

Cotton juxtaposed the DOJ's pursuit of parents who speak out about school policies with its silence on Waukesha.
Get the audio version
@TmarTn
  I thought i share with the community, if anybody has twitch prime you redeem: Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit Remaster for free :)
We will be seeing you all Saturday! Oh and btw...

END THE DISPUTE. CHEER FOR PURSUIT!
One u will love even more with an even more spectacular person to work with is in the making… it’s coming …what a fi u… a fi u…
Currently sporting the fifth best odds (via
@DKSportsbook
), can the once MVP favorite re-ignite his pursuit of the prestigious award?
We lost ourselves. Lost our dream. In the pursuit of great, we failed to do good.
@JeffOnTheBrain
Terrible. If he doesn't know better, he's tragically stupid and shouldn't have a platform. I'd bet he knows it's untrue and pushes it anyway. People like this don't give a shit about the damage their lies do in pursuit of (local, cable access) 'fame'
1st Pokémon game: Silver/Sapphire (got at same time)
Last Pokémon game: Sword
Favorite Pokémon game: PMDEoS
Most played Pokémon game: SoulSilver
Favorite Pokémon game soundtrack: Mystery dungeon
A kill where you hide explosives inside a fursuit and wait for its occupant to meet their celebrity hero

HAPPY FAMILY: For peace of mind and healthy living, it is critical to go in pursuit of happiness. Noted counselling psychologist Andre Allen Casey says happiness is a state of mind and thinking. Get your FREE Happiness Guide and special podcast here.  http://go.impactingjamaica.com/hmmain
.... Fursuit 47
Yes and I add, “THE CHOICE “ is BEFORE your freedom steps on another PERSON’s freedom. This PERSON is paying the ULTIMATE SACRIFICE  You dare to deprive another of LIFE, LIBERTY and pursuit of...?
Fursuit do meu sona q Velow fez
Qria mt
A 47-year-old Forest Lake man has died after being shot Sunday afternoon in Forest Lake following a pursuit where police say they were threatened. The Minnesota BCA has also identified the law enforcement officials who fired their weapons.
Taking a creative break to enjoy some spice tea and chicken wings. It’s the small things that are so enjoyable sometimes.
I'll never forget my senior year in college when coach was literally giving us hella half pad days due to injuries.
Only tough part on half pad days was them pursuit drills. Like why didn't offense have conditioning like that. Lol
"What if, in the pursuit of a spectacular life, you end up with no life at all?" – Clark Foster
I do not mean to mock or ridicule your life's work, for in one way at least it mimics my own: We have dedicated our lives to the pursuit of phantoms. The difference is the nature of those phantoms. Mine exist between other men's ears; yours live solely between your own.
Rightists are ready to destroy the nation in their pursuit of some vague notion called ‘freedom’ they barely understand. Individuals have their freedom only in the context of a healthy community. If the community fails, freedom is the first casualty.
Busy day on the Heat beat today:

Exploring the Heat’s recent defensive issues https://miamiherald.com/sports/nba/miami-heat/article256230662.html…

NBA imposes penalty on Heat for ‘early free agent discussions’ during Lowry pursuit https://miamiherald.com/sports/nba/miami-heat/article253859483.html…

Adebayo expected to miss about six weeks
Why should I? Nothing's as important as the pursuit of strength.
When your decision impacts my freedom and pursuit of happiness. Don’t want an abortion don’t get one. Don’t want to mask or Vax stay in your house
Yankees got a mess, I'm a Torres fan, but his offense is declining like Sanchez

They should trade for Olson + acquire a Top prospect Catcher, and pursuit Schwarber and Story...

Forget Correa!
Payback? For what? The same reason the Founders wanted to limit the “tyranny of the majority” is the same reason that gerrymandering is unfair. You can’t continue the pursuit of a more perfect union when one party is consolidating power at the expense of the people they represent
Architecture School  Architecture  Social Media / Digital Coordinator  Marketing / Pursuit Coordinator  Marketing Manager

Commanding the attention of the nation through the pursuit of excellence; while bringing immeasurable joy…GREATNESS personified.
“Changing The World (Bluegrass Style”).  New, positive Bluegrass/Country Songs written by Don MacRae; songs about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Lead sheets for bands and recording artists at don@lachlangroup.com
https://youtube.com/watch?v=uX29ZDrV6ZM&list=PLnRYSzqfeNmOvUOjKYbmrenbQKnI11MA4&index=7…
#Bluegrassmusic #Countrymusic
HECK YEAH!! Dope af fursuit yeee
Never be afraid to take risks in pursuit of raising the bar to being a better artist or producer.
U nuh read it yet? Mi a wait pon u fi do cliff notes
The way this conversation has gone so far is that you said people should have unobstructed access to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  I said poor kids don't get this because of, among other things, lack of safe housing.
When the words promising us Life Liberty and the pursuit of happiness were written, they were not written only for those who were alive in that day, but they were written for future generations, all of whom were unborn.
The Constitution does not give the right of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness to a fetus but it does to living human beings outside the womb.  Guns kill people including children.  Four lives were just lost and yet you haven't said squat.
Maybe it's an intellectual pursuit and she's a fan of the mathematics of cryptography
because they burn the virus through their populations. Why are you lying?
#YIAYlist For a new fursuit
Prove you don't know what nazism is or what fascism means.
and for the faith that my family, friends and colleagues held for me until I had enough faith in myself to continue the pursuit of my goal.
I am both excited and nervous in equal measure but I know that this is right for me and that I will go on to make a difference.
I know less than nothing about stone ocean but I can safely say I wasn’t expecting a rat fursuit
Red Riding Hood's like "yeah my grandmother usually dresses in a fursuit, that checks out."
NBA YoungBoy was arrested in March following a dramatic foot pursuit involving the Los Angeles Police Department, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and other law enforcement agencies
#YoungboyNba #Akademiks #HipHopNews
My #Naruto arcs rating

LOW: 3 ew
Chunin Exams: 9
Konoha Crush: 7
Tsunade Search: 10
Sasuke Recovery: -1
Kazekage Rescue: 10
Tenchi Bridge: -7
Akatsuki Suppression: 8
Itachi Pursuit: 9
Tale of Jiraiya: 10
FBBB: 10